README.md, before:

# Hadoop SSTable: Splittable Input Format for Reading Cassandra SSTables Directly

Hadoop SSTable is an InputFormat implementation that supports reading and splitting Cassandra SSTables. Leveraging this input format MapReduce jobs can make use of Cassandra data for offline data analysis.

## Getting Started

See a full example to get a feel for how to write your own jobs leveraging hadoop-sstable.

https://github.com/fullcontact/hadoop-sstable/wiki/Getting-Started

## Configuration

Required:

Cassandra Create Table Statement (used for table metadata)
```
hadoop.sstable.cql="CREATE TABLE foo..."
```

Recommendation:

The Compressed SSTable Reader uses off-heap memory which can accumulate when task JVMs are reused.
```
mapred.job.reuse.jvm.num.tasks=1
```

Additionally, each MapReduce job written using this input format will have it's own set of constraints. We currently
tune the following settings when running our jobs.
```
io.sort.mb
io.sort.factor
mapred.reduce.tasks
hadoop.sstable.split.mb
mapred.child.java.opts
```

## Communication

- [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/fullcontact/hadoop-sstable/issues)

## Binaries

Binaries and dependency information for Maven, Ivy, Gradle and others can be found at [http://search.maven.org]

Example for Gradle:

```
compile 'com.fullcontact:hadoop-sstable:x.y.z'
```

## Build

To build:

```
$ git clone git@github.com:fullcontact/hadoop-sstable.git
$ cd hadoop-sstable
$ ./gradlew build
```

## Bugs and Feedback

For bugs, questions and discussions please use the [Github Issues](https://github.com/fullcontact/hadoop-sstable/issues).

 
## LICENSE

Copyright 2014 FullContact, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

<http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Update README with Cassandra Support

README.md, after:

# Hadoop SSTable: Splittable Input Format for Reading Cassandra SSTables Directly

Hadoop SSTable is an InputFormat implementation that supports reading and splitting Cassandra SSTables. Leveraging this input format MapReduce jobs can make use of Cassandra data for offline data analysis.

## Cassandra Version Support

###Supported
- Cassandra 1.2
- Cassandra 2.0.x

Currently Cassandra 2.1.x is not supported.

## Getting Started

See a full example to get a feel for how to write your own jobs leveraging hadoop-sstable.

https://github.com/fullcontact/hadoop-sstable/wiki/Getting-Started

## Configuration

Required:

Cassandra Create Table Statement (used for table metadata)
```
hadoop.sstable.cql="CREATE TABLE foo..."
```

Recommendation:

The Compressed SSTable Reader uses off-heap memory which can accumulate when task JVMs are reused.
```
mapred.job.reuse.jvm.num.tasks=1
```

Additionally, each MapReduce job written using this input format will have it's own set of constraints. We currently
tune the following settings when running our jobs.
```
io.sort.mb
io.sort.factor
mapred.reduce.tasks
hadoop.sstable.split.mb
mapred.child.java.opts
```

## Communication

- [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/fullcontact/hadoop-sstable/issues)

## Binaries

Binaries and dependency information for Maven, Ivy, Gradle and others can be found at [http://search.maven.org]

Example for Gradle:

```
compile 'com.fullcontact:hadoop-sstable:x.y.z'
```

## Build

To build:

```
$ git clone git@github.com:fullcontact/hadoop-sstable.git
$ cd hadoop-sstable
$ ./gradlew build
```

## Bugs and Feedback

For bugs, questions and discussions please use the [Github Issues](https://github.com/fullcontact/hadoop-sstable/issues).

 
## LICENSE

Copyright 2014 FullContact, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

<http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
